# Fonts
# these are really halos, but who cares?

*.font: shadow=n
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=y:shadowtint=0:shadowoffset=1
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=y:shadowtint=00:shadowoffset=0
menu.items.font:shadow=y:shadowtint=0:shadowoffset=0

!# general stuff

border.width: 0
padding.width: 1
padding.height: 1
window.handle.width: 1
window.client.padding.width: 1
menu.overlap: 0
*.justify: right

!# Menu settings

menu.border.color: #aaaaaa
menu.border.width: 0

menu.title.bg: solid flat
menu.title.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.title.text.color: #32363A

menu.items.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.items.text.color: #32363A
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa

menu.items.active.bg: Flat Solid

menu.items.active.bg.color: #F8732B

menu.items.active.bg.colorTo: #91b3de
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff

menu.separator.width: 0
menu.separator.padding.width: 0
menu.separator.padding.height: 3
menu.separator.color: #aaaaaa

!# set handles here and only the once?

window.*.handle.bg: Raised solid
window.*.handle.bg.color: #eaebec

window.*.grip.bg: Raised solid
window.*.grip.bg.color: #eaebec

!# Active

window.active.client.color: #FFFFFF

*.title.bg: Flat Solid
*.title.bg.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #32363A

!# inactive

window.inactive.client.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.title.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #CACFD0

!# osd (pop ups and what not, dock?)

osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color:  #aaaaaa

osd.bg: flat border gradient splitvertical
osd.bg.color: #F0EFEE
osd.bg.color.splitto: #f5f5f4
osd.bg.colorTo: #EAEBEC
osd.bg.colorTo.splitto: #E7E5E4

osd.bg.border.color: #ffffff

osd.label.bg: parentrelative
osd.label.bg.color: #efefef
osd.label.bg.border.color: #9c9e9c

osd.label.text.color: #444
!# yeah whatever, this is fine anyhoo?
osd.hilight.bg: flat vertical gradient 
osd.hilight.bg.color: #9ebde5
osd.hilight.bg.colorTo: #749dcf
osd.unhilight.bg: flat vertical gradient
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #BABDB6
osd.unhilight.bg.colorTo: #efefef
